Swizzle support for hipBLASLt (#1584)
ROCm/hipBLASLt: docs/api-reference.rst

|       |       | BF8   | BF8   |             |          |          | FP32, FP16 | FP16      |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------------+----------+----------+------------+-----------+

> In order to use FP16-specific data ordering HIPBLASLT_ORDER_COL16_4R8 in hipblasLtMatmul for gfx94x architecture, here's the valid combinations of transposes and orders of input and output matrices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use FP16-specific data ordering `HIPBLASLT_ORDER_COL16_4R8` in `hipblasLtMatmul` for the gfx94x architecture, choose one of these valid combinations of transposes and orders of input and output matrices:
```
